if my past finds out i got in trouble in
school today i'm definitely going to be
on punishment
uh there's a party tonight at peter's
house can i go you're not going nowhere
every little step you take will be
around this bedroom tonight did you hear
anything about a party tonight
uh-uh at least not any good ones hello
to waffle
do i feel like being bothered with
tawafa
hello
[Music]
yo baby looking real good step off
scandalous
[Music]
what you got to say now how much more
trouble can i get into
look i'm please prison just do me a
favor don't pick up the soap wait that
fight
i'm going to kill him yo y'all look who
fell into the gig hey
this ain't so trained the two finest
women in here
now how could a man choose you better
choose right okay so we're
on our way to the house party what
the house party jane going to that damn
party that's all too and i don't give a
damn what you saying
gonna make me a social misfit
[Music]
you